- Double-check that the person signing the contract is a representative of the target client who is in a position to authorize testing
- Meet with the client, spell out exactly what is going to happen, and then document it exactly in the contract, reminder emails, or notes. If you stick to the documented agreement for the services requested, you should be operating legally and ethically
- How distruptive does the client like the test? 
	- If an organization is cutting-edge and has a lot of confidence in its security, it may have a big appetite for risk. An engagement tailored to a large appetite for risk would involve connecting to every feature and running all the exploits you want.
	- risk-averse organizations. Engagements for these organizations will be like walking on eggshells. This sort of engagement will have many details in the scope: any machine you are able to attack will be spelled out, and you may need to ask permission before running certain exploits

#### Cloud testing
- Some cloud-hosted web applications and APIs will require you to obtain penetration testing authorization, such as for an organization’s Salesforce APIs.
-  AWS allows its customers to perform all sorts of security testing, with the exception of DNS zone walking, DoS or DDoS attacks, simulated DoS or DDoS attacks, port flooding, protocol flooding, and request flooding. For any exceptions to this, you must email AWS and request permission to conduct testing. If you are requesting an exception, make sure to include your testing dates, any accounts and assets involved, your phone number, and a description of your proposed attack. 
- Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Google simply states that you do not need to request permission or notify the company to perform penetration testing. However, Google also states that you must remain compliant with its acceptable use policy (AUP) and terms of service (TOS) and stay within your authorized scope. The AUP and TOS prohibit illegal actions, phishing, spam, distributing malicious or destructive files (such as viruses, worms, and Trojan horses), and interruption to GCP services. 
- Microsoft Azure Microsoft takes the hacker-friendly approach and does not require you to notify the company before testing. In addition, it has a “Penetration Testing Rules of Engagement” page that spells out exactly what sort of penetration testing is permitted (https://www .microsoft.com/en-us/msrc/pentest-rules-of-engagement).